Feature/icon update (#11)
vtex-apps/wish-list: docs/README.md

## Configuration

### Store Theme: Dependencies

1. Install the app by running `vtex install vtex.wish-list` on the [vtex toolbelt](https://vtex.io/docs/concepts/toolbelt/)

> 2. After installing the app in your account, add it as a `peerDependency` in your `store-theme`:

Reviewer: I'd move the peerDependency instructions down to the "if you want to make any changes" section

```diff
+"peerDependencies": {
+  "vtex.wish-list": "1.x"
+}
```

> Once Wishlist is added as a dependency, a new route called `/wishlist` will be automatically created for your store, allowing the user to list all the "Wishlisted" products. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Wishlist is installed, a new route called `/wishlist` will be automatically created for your store, allowing the user to list all the "Wishlisted" products. 
```
